Add new blog submission process and guidelines (#19153)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/blog-and-website-contributions.md

- [Website changes](#making-changes-to-the-website) that improve either of these are always welcome!

## Contributing to the blog
If you'd like to contribute a post to the Gatsby blog, please review the process and guidelines outlined below and submit your

> idea for the post to our [Gatsby blog proposal form](https://airtable.com/shr3449954866i3iF)

Reviewer: i miss in the airtable form also the github user name

Author: With the new process, we shouldn't need their GitHub user name. They don't have to use GitHub at all if they don't want to. When it does come time to submit the blog as a PR, if the author wants to submit it themselves, we'll collect their username. (If they don't want to write their own PR, Hashim or I will do it.)

### Blog proposal submission process

> 1. Complete and submit the [Gatsby blog proposal form](https://airtable.com/shr3449954866i3iF).

Reviewer: 2 times nearny the same link?

Author: I think a little repetition is helpful. In my opera production assistant days I was responsible for placing directional signs to get the cast/chorus into the right rehearsal rooms, and I was told, "however many signs you think you need: double it." I quickly realized this is a philosophy to live by.

> 2. A Gatsby team member will review your proposal and let you know if the proposal has been accepted within the next week or so.

Reviewer 2: Do we have any concerns about tying ourselves to this timeline?

Author: I think "a week or so" is reasonable. If we decide it's just not practical, we can revise. The marketing team will be handling all submissions, and hopefully we'll have a person dedicated to content marketing before too long.

    - __If the post is not accepted:__ We’ll let you know if there are any alternative offers we can make (e.g. offer to retweet if you publish the piece elsewhere, suggest submitting it as an addition to a Gatsby doc, etc.). We’ll also do our best to explain why your proposal was not accepted and encourage you to revise your proposal based on that feedback and resubmit. Please don’t be discouraged from submitting another post in the future!

If you have any questions about the process or your submission, please email [marketing@gatsbyjs.com](mailto:marketing@gatsbyjs.com).

### Content guidelines for submitting a blog post proposal
As a Gatsby community member, you have unique insight into the ins and outs of learning Gatsby, building with Gatsby, and contributing to Gatsby’s open source community. Contributing to the Gatsby blog is a great way to share your experiences and insights. Here are some guidelines for what kind of content is and isn’t a good fit for the Gatsby blog.

Things we’re looking for in Gatsby blog content:
- Information to help others overcome challenges you’ve faced while working with Gatsby

> - Stories about how Gatsby helped you overcome different challenges on work and personal projects

Reviewer 2: Could this also be considered a case study?

Author: I think a case study would be under the umbrella of this kind of content, but it could also include more technically focused and/or less structured anecdotes of overcoming challenges. If we get a submission that seems more like a case study or something that should be in docs/tutorials, we'll check in with the Learning Team. If you all agree that it should be a doc, we'll let the author know and connect them with Learning.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me.

> Gatsby case studies

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Gatsby case studies:
```

Author: The items that follow are not meant to be child items for "Gatsby case studies."

> - Showcasing a tool, fix, or other content you’ve contributed to Gatsby’s open source community

Reviewer 3: Should we combine these two sentences?
```suggestion
- Showcasing a tool, fix, or other content you or someone else have contributed to Gatsby’s open source community
```

- Showcasing a tool, fix, or other content someone else has contributed to Gatsby’s open source community

> - Clear and thoughtful explanations of technical details or complex concepts related to React, Graph QL, web and application development, open-source contribution, Gatsby core, and other Gatsby-adjacent subject matter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clear and thoughtful explanations of technical details or complex concepts related to React, GraphQL, web and application development, open-source contribution, Gatsby core, and other Gatsby-adjacent subject matter
```

Author: These are not meant to be child items of case studies.

> - Clear and thoughtful explanations of technical details or complex concepts related to React, Graph QL, web and application development, open-source contribution, Gatsby core, and other Gatsby-adjacent subject matter

Reviewer 3: Correcting the usage of `GraphQL` -- but I feel like this is too close to Reference Guides. Here's where I wrote about the distinction: https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/docs-templates/ 
```suggestion
- Clear and thoughtful explanations of technical details or complex concepts related to React, GraphQL, web and application development, open-source contribution, Gatsby core, and other Gatsby-adjacent subject matter
```

Author: I think a blog post would maybe be a little more focused on a specific use case or approach to a challenge. And the overall content style would be more editorial/journalistic. It's something we're just going to have to figure out on a case-by-case basis, I think.

- Guidance and resources for learning React, GraphQL, HTML/CSS, web development, best practices, accessibility, SEO, Gatsby, different tool and CMS integrations, and other Gatsby-adjacent subject matter.
- Other topics that you think would be valuable to people learning about or working with Gatsby

Things we’d like to avoid on the Gatsby blog:

> - __Promotional content.__ Please don’t submit content to the Gatsby blog solely for the purpose of promoting a product, yourself, or link-building.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- __Docs content.__ Some content is better found in the Gatsby docs guides and tutorials, as it can be found in a section for related content and not buried under pages of other paginated blog posts.
- __Promotional content.__ Please don’t submit content to the Gatsby blog solely for the purpose of promoting a product, yourself, or link-building.
```
